Generate solidity interface from Anchor IDL files so that anchor contracts can be called (#985)
hyperledger/solang: docs/running.rst

\\-\\-help, -h
  This displays a short description of all the options

.. _metadata_command:

Using the metadata command
__________________________

> This command is used to convert Anchor IDL into Solidity import files, for calling

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command converts Anchor IDL into Solidity import files in order to call
```
I think this sounds better.

Anchor Programs.

  solang metadata --target solana [--output DIR] [IDLFILE]...

> For each idl file provided, on Solidity file is written. See :ref:`call_anchor`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For each idl file provided, a Solidity file is written. See :ref:`call_anchor`
```
Typo

for an example of how to use this.

.. note::

>   This is only support for Solana at this time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  There is only support for Solana at this time.
```
A typo maybe?
